hello everyone today we are gonna see
homo granite peel powder beauty benefits
and healthcare benefits but in this
video I will be discussing about the
beauty benefits and also I will be
posting two other videos to a separate
video for health benefits of pomegranate
powder and a third video will be the
benefits of pomegranate juice and
pomegranate oil I'll be linking the
video soon in the description box and
also somewhere here in the video too to
know how to prepare the pomegranate clay
powder by yourself you can click on the
link here to see that video it's simple
and easy method let's move on to see the
beauty benefits of pomegranate powder
pomegranate extracts are widely used in
skin care products is rich in
antioxidants pomegranate peel powder is
widely used for skin care helps to fight
acne it helps in keeping the bacterias
and other infections at bay let's see a
quick face pack for acne and pimples
using pomegranate clip out of the
ingredients are pomegranate powder rose
water and lemon juice so let's see how
to do it just take around one tablespoon
of pomegranate powder add some rose
water and add some lemon juice
mix it well to make it as a nice paste
and apply this face pack in your face
and leave it for 20 to 30 minutes and
wash it off
pomegranate peel powder is a very good
exfoliant and it's a very good scrub too
it helps you to remove the dry skin and
blackheads and whiteheads and leave your
skin smooth and soft that enhances the
glow of your skin to make the scrub
using pomegranate peel powder the
ingredients required are pomegranate
peel powder honey and avocado oil mixing
bowl take around one tablespoon of
pomegranate peel powder Isis all add
some honey and mix it well and make it
into a paste and apply this mixture on
your face and massage it for two to
three minutes and wash it off completely
you can do this twice a week or thrice a
week for better results
pomegranate peel powder is excellent for
anti-aging it prevents the wrinkles and
reduces the fine lines and slow down
aging to make a face pack for any
looking skin the ingredients required
are pomegranate flea powder milk and
rosewater pick pomegranate peel powder
around 1 tbsp add some milk and add some
rose water mix it well mix all these
ingredients well and apply this face
pack in your face and leave it for 20 to
30 minutes and wash it off it helps you
to reduce the signs of aging and have a
younger looking skin
pomegranate peel powder is an excellent
moisturizer it helps to hydrate the skin
and ellagic acid present in the
pomegranate apply powder protects the
moisture level of the skin this is again
a natural sunscreen it protects the skin
from harmful UV rays and prevents skin
cancer it helps in cell regeneration and
collagen production in the skin do
include pomegranate peel powder in your
beauty regime and take care of your skin
I hope you girls would be lacking this
video if you really liked this video
please hit on the like button please
subscribe for more updates and follow us
on Facebook and Twitter thank you so
much for watching this video stay
beautiful bye bye